The sound of prayer.
Core. Cult. A fingertip of a lifetime of touch.
These destitutes were robbed. Pickpocketed of fine gold thread.
A sensuous and shiny line that makes each holder god.
The master of touch and time.
A hand holding out, highlighting the particles of dust in the new air.
A blind god feels these like silver pricks.
Stars glinting on the outskirts of his frame.
He is the one with sea.
The one whose eyes are tunnel shaped and stretch out over the sky.
Feeling the sparrows and the sea anemones,
he touches each spine of the sea urchin,
plucks one and plunges it into the watcher's eye.
We are blessed with blindness
and shaken out into all the dimpled corners of the solid world.
In the rigid pearl hollow of a seashell.
In the canyon bark branches of an oak tree.
Even on the surface of a newly pressed car roof.
This is where we stay, in the very feeling of touch.
Like the sense of one's own skin against cloth.
Or unseen flesh pressed silently to air.
I believe in this feeling.
The only tangible answer to two hands clasped together.